
Hi! My name is Davide and I'm a junior Web Developer :)

I'm a self taught Web Developer based in Milan, Italy. 
After 5 years in Administration and Controlling Dpt, in February 2017, I decided to make a change in my career and I started studying online web development on the Odin Project, covering the basics and then focusing on Ruby on Rails.
I keep learning new things everyday and I'm really flexibile and enthusiastic.
I’m also looking for job opportunities in companies to improve my professional experience in the field 
If you need help with developing your project, get in touch!

---

In the spring of 2003, during my first year of college at USU, I took a general education business course where we were assigned the task of building a webpage in Word. Thus began my love affair with design. After graduating I began working full time for a web design company. While I still enjoyed it, for the most part, I felt like something was missing. I wasn’t happy with the designs I was creating. They were “serious” and “corporate” and that just wasn’t me. When I made the move to freelance full time, I decided to let my quirky flag fly, so to speak. It may not be for everyone, but some people are going to love it. 

---

Website Design
WEBSITE DESIGN
Each of my designs begins with a blank canvas which allows your content to guide the layout.
Development
DEVELOPMENT
Responsive development will help make your website easily accessible across all devices.
Newsletter Design
NEWSLETTER DESIGN
A matching newsletter is the perfect way to complement your website & keep in contact.
Social Media
SOCIAL MEDIA
It's important to keep your brand consistent and recognizable across all platforms.

---

Hey, I'm Daniel. ;)
I create products & companies.

I'm well versed in many skills around technology & product development. I like to build things – usually with technology, and a side of grit. I've worn many hats in my career between executive positions, back-end dev, front-end dev, and product design. I love knowledge, and I strongly believe technology can, and should enrich every single life this universe has to offer. 


---

querycenter@tntitaly.it
Numero pratica 5646499
